All right so it's a fun one here.
We are given a simple editor or a string an HMO and we want to find the closing tag in here.
And for whatever reason I can't get the code to render as is so we're just going to jump into the markdown
so you can see what's actually happening here.
So if we were to go here.
Go go go go in the editor please do.
All right.
So you'll see here.
We're actually passing HMO in here and so mark down registers HMO and I think that's what's happening
here is it thinks we're actually trying to put HDMI and mark down you can do basic stuff.
So you'll see here that we have this string of markdown that we're passing in these quotes and that's
going to be our input and what we want is the closing tag.
Same thing with our icon whatever the closing tag is and that's what we need to return.
So what I use for this was split into string.
But really it's more of a logic based algorithm of what you're going to have to manipulate the data
check what it is and I will dive into it.
All right so I solved this in kind of a strange way.
The way I did it was I took the Start Tag I split it up on each space.
So we're in take I call this God I called his split string this is such a bad name but we're just going
to go with it since we're filming and I split it up on a space here.
The reason for that is after our space here we're going to get this value and we're going to attach
essentially is we're essentially going to we're going to get this value and then we are going to target
it specifically.
So we're going to split it on essentially each word if you want think of it like that and then we're
going to have what I call the split tag which is going to be equal to the split string 0.
The first value.
Right.
That's all that we care about.
And we're going to take that.
We're going to make it a string and then we're going to split it.
I read I believe the original reason I had to make this a string was that some some items in here had
numbers and they were red sureness numbers and it's causing issues.
You may not have to do that for these two simple basic examples but you know when you have 20 edge case
scenarios in some of these you do.
So we're going to have what I call the end tag.
So I am tag here we're going with this here.
It's just going to be equal to the like at the start of a closing intact.
And what we want to do is for each character omitting the very first one that's why we split it here
because we don't need this.
Omitting the very first one because we already started it.
We want to go ahead and list and iterate through this and what I call the zero all by his list then
split tag length.
So iterate through all of it except the very first one because we don't need that we don't need that
opening bracket because we're on the front of it we're throwing this the end tag on there and then what's
the end tag plus equals to the remainder of split tag.
Right here for each one of those characters and split tag.
And then on the end here we want to return and tag.
Now you'll see here we're having some issues right.
So we have to we have to do a couple of things.
The the very front the value of our end tag we're going to modify.
We're going to modify and tag ever so slightly but you can see we're almost there.
So what we're going to do is we're set and tag and tag is equal to and tag and then and tag length minus
once the the last value.
And if it is exactly equal to this to a ending tag we're just going to set return and tag.
If it's not printed it and tag
plus equals a closing bracket on it like so.
And last but not least we haven't.
Oh I think we have an issue here with oh I was like we have one too many.
We forgot to put that one in there.
I was talking explaining it the whole time problem didn't make sense but it let's go over the logic
one last time we're splitting up getting the very first word because that very first word or opening
tag.
We're then going to select that we're split up on a character so that we can omit the very first letter
here because we're going to add this to the front of the string then we're going to join it back together
assuming that there isn't a need for an end tag so we do this check here fork as some already have.
Then we just need to close the self-closing like you know simple ones like this where it's only where
there are no classes or types or properties.
So that was it at the end of the day which said to kind of figure out how to manipulate strings really.